Low-level hardware abstraction layer for
reading data from a Vicon motion capture system.

Augmented by the HSL at UCSC to support all of the rotations available from the Vicon SDK.

> **_Special Thanks_** to the
> [Novel Engineering of Swarm Technology](https://nestlab.net/) (**NEST**) lab
> at Worcester Polytechnic Institute
> for providing a reference usage of the Vicon APIs, and
> providing us with access to their Vicon systems for testing this crate.

## Using this Crate

The documentation for this crate can be
generated by running `cargo doc`; the
generated docs will be written to `release/`.

Although the _actual_ Vicon data stream SDK
can only be used with an _actual_ Vicon
data stream, this crate exposes a single
`HasViconHardware` trait which can be
compiled on any host.

This trait can be used to create mock
implementations of the Vicon data stream,
which systems can use for integration testing
or simulation when an actual Vicon is unavailable.

## Optional: Using nix

Install nix if it is not installed already.
Run `nix develop` to enter a shell with the required dependencies.

## Compiling on a Linux Host

Before building this crate, or a Crate
_depending_ on this crate, you need to:

1. Install Rust.
2. Install Clang.

Once these tools are installed, you can
build this crate by running:

1. `cargo build --release`

To _run_ this crate (or crates depending on it),
you will need to ensure all the `.so` files
in [`vendor/libvicon`](vendor/libvicon/) (or the Windows or Mac equivalent) are
available on your `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.

## License and Contributions

Copyright 2024 Alicorn Systems, Inc.

Licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License version 3,
as published by the Free Software Foundation. Refer to
[the license file](LICENSE.txt) for more information.

The files within `vendor/` retain their original copyrights
and licenses, and are included in this repository to simplify
the build process for downstream users.
